Add baseline testing framework (#4)
plus3it/cookiecutter-tfmodule: README.md

That's all you need to get started.

## Testing the module

> The `tests` folder has the skeleton of a testing suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tests` folder implements a simple test harness.
```

In order to use the testing suite you will need to do the following:

> 1. Install `go`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. Write test cases that use the module, placing each test case in its own directory under `tests/`, e.g. `tests/<test_case1>`
1. Install `go`
```

2. Run `make dep/install` to install dep
3. Run `make terratest/install` to install the prerequisites.

> 4. Run `make terratest/install` for your suite of tests to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run `make terratest/test` for your suite of tests to run
```
